improved the front page (#1520)
neo4j/neo4j-browser: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

It comes out-of-the-box with all of Neo4j’s graph database offerings, including Neo4j Server (Community and Enterprise editions) and Neo4j Desktop (all OS versions).

> Neo4j Browser is perfect for running ad-hoc graph queries, with just enough ability to prototype a Neo4j-based application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neo4j Browser is suitable for running ad-hoc graph queries, with the appropriate ability to prototype a Neo4j-based application.
```
I know this is out of the scope of this PR, but this makes the text a bit less marketingy.
